### How to Maximize Your Properties’ Revenue: Case Study on Airbnb in NYC

It is known that Airbnb is one of the biggest international home-sharing platforms that allows homeowners and renters (“hosts”) to put their properties (“listings”) online, so that guests can pay to stay in them. New York City (NYC) has one of the most active Airbnb markets in the United States with more than 50,000 properties flooding into the city since 2018. This report is aiming at examining the factors contributing to the income that Airbnb hosts can gain from each listing per month. Specifically, this project investigates the effects of 1) property location, 2) room type, 3) property’s amenities on host’s income of each listing per month and conducts machine learning process to predict the increase of host income. Accordingly, recommendations on property location, room types, property’s amenities and other potential options can be provided for hosts to gain more income. 

Obviously, the primary audience of this project is the existing and potential host of Airbnb. For hosts, participating in Airbnb is a convenient way to earn some incomes from their property. It is useful for them to figure out those factors more possibly contributing to higher incomes. Besides, one of the advantages of Airbnb is that it's up to each host to decide features and facilities in their properties. Each host would like to leverage such flexibility to determine an optimal property setting so that not only can hosts get satisfied incomes but their properties are popular among those guests also. Accordingly, my paper plans to help less-experienced hosts to approximately find that “sweet spot”. Furthermore, given that Airbnb market in NYC is extremely comparative, potential hosts could refer to this paper for estimating their benefits gained from renting properties. 

The comprehensive report and codes are provided!!
